## Ways to Help

1. **Fix bugs**: Contributing fixes is a great way to get a better idea of how a project works, and you’ll often learn tricks along the way. Don’t let yourself get stuck for too long though — sometimes bugs are unfixed for a reason.
2. **Find and Document Bugs**: If you find a problem, let someone know! Better yet, explain clearly how to recreate the problem (honestly, reproducing someone else’s situation often me takes longer than actually fixing it). Include enough of your code to understand what you are trying to do. If that’s a lot, try to trim that down to the smallest snippet that still shows the problem.
3. **Add a Test**: After you’ve found or fixed a bug is a *great* time to write a test so that it doesn’t happen again. 
4. **Add a Feature** (*carefully*): Adding a new feature and seeing it be used by others is a great feeling. It’s a good idea to ask the project owner (by opening an issue) whether or not they’d be open to having that feature, though. Ultimately they’re the ones who will have to keep it from breaking as the project evolves, so having a conversation about it first will almost always save time.
5. **Translation**: Translating content isn’t always easy for the developers/designers working on a project. If you’re able to help with this, please do!
6. **Documentation**: Everyone needs documentation. You're almost never the first person who has had trouble figuring out something that seems simple in retrospect. Making sure these situations are well-documented benefits any growing project.